Hello, I'm Kim Jeong Ah, a nurse practitioner
working at Eminent Hospice Care.
Today, I'm going to give you an answer to this
question,
There are people who ask, are you going to use a wet
tissue if you do hospice?
To tell you the conclusion, it's not like that.
Hospice is the cause, so patients don't go back
soon.
If you look at the research on hospice, Hospice
patients are more likely to live longer than when they receive hospice service or hospice service.
Hospice has seen a lot of the process of vaccination
of patients, so it is possible to measure the disease that patients
have and the symptoms according to the symptoms.
So, instead of looking around the patient alone,
when you receive hospice service, you can manage the symptoms that the patient has now,
so if the patient becomes comfortable and wants to
live longer,
then it becomes more likely to live longer.
Taking good care of the medicine in hospice also
increases the amount of medicine in the patient's life,
but it is very rare. One of the misunderstandings
about hospice is that there are people who think that if you do
hospice, the medicine will be broken.
To tell you the conclusion, it's not like that.
If you do hospice, you don't need to remove the
medicine, but you need to organize it and leave the medicine that helps the patient.
After a while, there are cases where the medicine
becomes more burdensome to the patient rather than looking forward to the effect of the medicine.
The most common case is dementia medicine.
Dementia is not a medicine that treats dementia, but
a medicine that prevents dementia.
In the case of dementia, it is not that you are
looking forward to the effect of dementia, but that it can
give more bad influence to the current condition of
the patient,
so there are times when you have to make a decision.
In other cases, there are cases where you have to
take the medicine depending on the condition of the patient.
If the patient is maintaining normal conditions
well, it will not be a big problem, but if the patient is in a bad condition,
blood pressure, diabetes, and cholesterol should be
careful.
We often say that we should take diabetes, blood
pressure, and cholesterol until we die.
This means that we emphasize the word to keep eating
without hesitation, but it is when the patient maintains normal conditions.
In fact, there are a lot of people who come in
because they can't eat,
but if you take blood pressure, there are people who
are already in low blood pressure.
I think it's because there are responsibilities that
families have to take the medicine even if they can't eat.
If you can't eat, your weight will lose, and then
there will be a lot of possibilities for your blood pressure to drop.
In that case, if you keep taking the medicine,
you will have low blood pressure and low blood
pressure, and you will also be the cause of death.
In the case of cholesterol medicine, it is a
medicine that removes cholesterol from the body, but if you explain to your
family that you don't need to take the saved fat
even though you can't eat, your family will
understand and agree with you.
In the case of what I've told you so far, it's
normal.
According to the patient, there are some people who
go to the hospital unexpectedly.
So the family has to decide on the middle period by
considering the amount of the patient's blood pressure, the amount of
food, the amount of the patient's blood pressure,
and the overall condition of the patient.
So we have to decide on the middle period of the
medicine by discussing with the medical staff.
As the nurse goes to the hospital,
we have to decide what to monitor according to the
symptoms of the patient and what to monitor according to the symptoms of the patient.
We discuss how to make the patient feel more
comfortable.
And we discuss the doctor and the medicine that will
help and not help.
When you take the medicine that has been adjusted,
the patient will feel comfortable, and the patient will feel more stable than the previous condition.
So if you take the hospice, you can say that you are
going back quickly.
I want to tell you about the morphine.
Koreans often see the extreme reaction of morphine.
Of course, it's a medicine that you have to be very
careful with.
It doesn't necessarily start with morphine because
it starts with hospice.
If you start with morphine, you can think of it as
two things.
If you have respiratory problems and symptoms.
There may be respiratory problems that occur before
the person is vaccinated,
and you can use the original phagealumnalgia
respiratory problems.
You can use the original phagealumnalgia respiratory
problems.
If you have a lot of respiratory problems before the
person is vaccinated, you can use the morphine.
Even if it's not phagealumnalgia, you can use the
phagealumnalgia respiratory problems.
If you have a lot of respiratory problems with
phagealumnalgia,
you can use the morphine a lot.
The next thing you use for morphine is
the case where the pain is severe.
The cancer pain also starts with the weakest part of
the anesthetic and ends with the morphine.
And if the pain is severe, and you can't swallow it
with your mouth, you can start with the morphine that you
can put under your tongue.
The morphine that you can put under your tongue is
absorbed by the blood vessels under your tongue and is absorbed quickly.
In conclusion, the reason why you use morphine is
because of respiratory problems and symptoms.
The purpose is to make the process of vaccination
short and easy.
The reason is because of respiratory problems and
symptoms.
Because of the respiratory problems, we always get
the same family when we start with morphine.
In many cases,
the family has to live in a house or live in a
house, or the family has to live in a house
or live in a house,
so there are people who ask to start with morphine
later.
We are a family and a business, so we make the right
time to start with morphine.
And many Koreans think of morphine as a subject of
investigation.
The morphine we give to people in the US in hospice
is a remedy to diabetes.
The morphine we give to people in the U.S.
It will be dropped under your tongue, and start with
a small injection or a small amount of poison.
The morphine we give to people in Korea starts with
0.2g of 5mg of poison.
The morphine we give to people in Korea
starts with 0.2g of 5mg of 5mg of poison.
If you don't have any effect, you can increase the
capacity or increase it more often.
And I think you can think of the other half as the
effect you want.
The effect you want is that it is always difficult,
and the symptoms are less.
There are some people who don't want to see the
effect.
There are some people who have allergies or have a
mental disorder or have a confusion.
There are some people who lose consciousness.
That's why I'm telling you this to my family before
we start the morphine.
Lastly, there is someone who has seen the effect of
expectations.
In this case, it's easy to say that the morphine
fits the patient so well.
The symptoms are better than expectations.
I gave you a morphine because I thought you would go
back to the extreme.
After eating the morphine, your body is relaxed and
comfortable.
The patient gets better mentally and feels better.
So there are some people who live a little more
comfortably.
I told you about the effect of morphine so far.
Not all patients use morphine.
There are some people who don't use morphine and go
back.
People who go back while sleeping don't use
morphine.
There are some people who have a slow breathing.
Or there are some people who have a very weak
breathing.
If you breathe slowly or slowly, If you don't have a
pain, morphine doesn't start.
Lastly, I want to tell you about the importance of
drug management.
I want to fill the end.
I'm sure you know so well about nurses and nurses
who are taking care of patients.
There are so many young people in Korea who are not
good at drug management.
The name of the drug is English.
The patient and family are not used to the name of
the drug.
They don't know why they are taking the drug.
They eat it as they like.
Let me tell you about the problems.
There are a lot of drugs that are addicted.
The doctor said, You have to cut it off, but you
don't cut it off.
You're together at once. Or you're eating together.
Or you're in the middle.
It's a waste to throw it away.
You're fighting, and you forget later.
Sometimes you eat again. Or you have too much
medication.
You have to take some medicine.
Sometimes it's a mess. And in medicine, they keep
refilling.
There are so many drugs because the patients are
taking pills.
If you watch this video,
It's because it's a young generation.
There are so many good drugs in the world.
They save people and go back.
I've seen a lot of cases like that.
Be smart about the drug. What kind of medicine do
you take?
What kind of effect does it have?
And what kind of medicine should you take?
Take good care of the medicine.
That's all.